Update to discuss threat model (#110)
tlswg/tls-key-update: draft-ietf-tls-extended-key-update.md

## Scope of Key Compromise {#scope}

Extended Key Update (EKU) assumes a transient compromise of the current application
traffic keys, rather than a persistent attacker with ongoing access to key material.

> The EKU procedure does not rely on long-term private keys, which may be stored in a

Reviewer: In general I agree, as the long-term private key is not used n the EKU procedure. Nevertheless, there is an indirect relation to the long term keys as they are applied in the initial handshake and the transcript hash contains the result of using the long-term keys. 

Proposal to replace 
"The EKU procedure does not rely on long-term private keys,which may be stored in a secure element (e.g., a Hardware Security Module (HSM)) or within the rich OS."
with
"The EKU procedure does not employ long-term private keys in the update procedure. Long-term private keys may be stored in a secure element (e.g., a Hardware Security Module (HSM)) or within the rich OS. Moreover, they may be stored differently than the TLS main secret or the derived traffic secrets."

Author: Thanks, fixed.

> secure element (e.g., a Hardware Security Module (HSM)) or within the rich OS. Moreover, they may be stored differently than the main secret or the traffic keys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
secure element (e.g., a Hardware Security Module (HSM)) or within the rich OS.
Moreover, in security‑critical scenarios, these long‑term private keys are typically stored separately from the primary secret or the traffic keys.
```

Two threat scenarios are relevant:

1. The long-term private key remains secure, while application traffic keys in the
rich operating system are temporarily exposed. EKU addresses this case for the current
TLS connection.

2. If the long-term private key in the rich OS is compromised, EKU can still protect

> the current TLS connection by updating traffic keys. However, all future TLS

Reviewer: maybe nitpicking: 
"... the current TLS connection by updating **the main secret and** traffic keys. "

Author: Fixed.
